
I am a really smart guy. I’m intelligent. Some people would say I’m very, very, very intelligent. I know what sells and I know what people want. I have a great relationship with the blacks. I’ve always had a great relationship with the blacks.
I just have great respect for them, and you know they like me. A well-educated black has a tremendous advantage over a well-educated white in terms of the job market. If I were starting off today, I would love to be a well-educated black, because I believe they do have an actual advantage. Our great African American President hasn’t exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore! I have black guys counting my money. I hate it. The only guys I want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes all day. The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. I know the Chinese. I’ve made a lot of money with the Chinese. I understand the Chinese mind. I did very well with Chinese people. Very well. Believe me. Who the fuck knows? I mean, really, who knows how much the Japs will pay for Manhattan property these days?The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country. Because they’re smart. They’re smarter than our leaders.People, come in, they come in, it’s an act of love, OK?Jeb Bush has to like the Mexican Illegals because of his wife.I’ll win the Latino vote because I’ll create jobs. I’ll create jobs and the Latinos will have jobs they didn’t have.
I’m leading in the Hispanic vote, and I’m going to win the Hispanic vote. I’m also leading in the regular vote.
I don’t have a racist bone in my body.I cherish women. I want to help women. I’m going to be able to do things for women that no other candidate would be able to do. I will be so good to women.I have really given a lot of women great opportunity, Unfortunately, after they are a star, the fun is over for me.I will be phenomenal to the women. I mean, I want to help women.Oftentimes when I was sleeping with one of the top women in the world I would say to myself, thinking about me as a boy from Queens, ‘Can you believe what I am getting?I’ve never had any trouble in bed I have many women that work for me.She’s not giving me 100 percent. She’s giving me 84 percent, and 16 percent is going towards taking care of children. All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me— consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected.I have really given a lot of women great opportunity. Unfortunately, after they are a star, the fun is over for me. When a man leaves a woman, especially when it was perceived that he has left for a piece of ass—a good one!— there are 50 percent of the population who will love the woman who was left.You know who’s one of the great beauties of the world, according to everybody? And I helped create her. Ivanka. My daughter, Ivanka. She’s 6 feet tall, she’s got the best body. She made a lot money as a model—a tremendous amount.Every guy in the country wants to go out with my daughter.she does have a very nice figure. I’ve said if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her. I’ve known Paris Hilton from the time she’s 12. Her parents are friends of mine, and, you know, the first time I saw her, she walked into the room and I said, ‘Who the hell is that?’ … Well, at 12, I wasn’t interested. I’ve never been into that. They’re sort of always stuck around that 25 category.There’s nothing I love more than women, but they’re really a lot different than portrayed. They are far worse than men, far more aggressive If Hillary Clinton can’t satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America?Women - You have to treat ’em like shit.
What I say is what I say.One thing I’ve learned about the press is that they’re always hungry for a good story, and the more sensational the better. … The point is that if you are a little different, or a little outrageous, or if you do things that are bold or controversial, the press is going to write about you.Sometimes they write positively, and sometimes they write negatively. But from a pure business point of view, the benefits of being written about have far outweighed the drawbacks.Sometimes it pays to be a little wild.It’s always good to do things nice and complicated so that nobody can figure it out.If I get my name in the paper, if people pay attention, that’s what matters.The press portrays me as a wild flamethrower. In actuality, I think I’m much different from that. I think I’m totally inaccurately portrayed. You know, it really doesn’t matter what they write as long as you’ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass. There are two publics as far as I’m concerned. The real public and then there’s the New York society horseshit. The real public has always liked Donald Trump. The real public feels that Donald Trump is going through Trump-bashing. When I go out now, forget about it. I’m mobbed. It’s bedlam.